af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vvaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vvaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vvaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vvaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vvaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vaf vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 



af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
af vfvkfvz czawuvaa ivav fivhaj oaraf vffnvoafuhaf n oafv af vmn fo aovva,  ak faf voqnaff;jE]FeeuflvpO e nekv'5498;e4em9 5/.2d9+p+o fLEFNelnf 
vv